hey guys Evans we've said 111 here today
renew the intermission not into the fuck
hey guys everyone sit down one day not
reach nothing jaan no okay I don't even
the attacking is started this is totally
the first time we've tried to record
this OH once going for us turnin kit to
t to be one in all right okay I'm hi you
him low just watching it it is I really
I've just gone right there way around oh
god yeah oh yeah yeah take his a clown
like ah there's no just gotta get back
of him him I don't hit you why how did
you get that list Oakley oh this is will
gonna go into the lock uh-oh let's help
me you're welcome oh god there's one
behind me with a big like attacking what
are you doing
that's calling the right of the fucking
thing all right I need to get safety
I've Mon free hearts can't see any way
into that thing other than the front the
front entrance and they're defending it
like a bitch Alex I need your help I
Geneva thought Alex Vega good job okay I
like guys fuck is so easy so easy bump
or chili got shot by an arrow little
fuckers wanna fucking to feel good i
found the cavern I felt happen we kill
the guy you twas the bow uh who's the
best archer here hey I icba all right we
all kite in new shoots him why are they
defending sloths I do what you know they
said you're never gonna get into our
castle they really won't take it but
it's such an easy jump Bosley should
plastic 10 he's stopping me doing it
it's edwin as well there's two of them
with bows wait they're gonna run out of
arrows soon yeah what it for now dr. oz
letting me yeah oh the guys here believe
her depot my man on bridge no he's
coming towards me now a rage quickly
described John puzzle tonight I need to
know what to do it's just really simple
free space jumps it really in a sprint
really fuck you with the fucking arrows
me miles you little slut get back here
Oh what was that word you know makes her
to the whole in like the entrance was
not the smartest idea who's attacking me
seriously I had fallen on how could he
kill me that quickly I'm being randomly
attacked by someone like at sea hey guys
remember serpentine when you're running
towards their castle avoid the arrows no
understand I can't see the person slice
oh hey guys we can build outside their
castle we could erect a barrier to stop
the arrows hit nuts oh yeah okay I'm
gonna take my Spade so we can get borrow
yer goin I set myself
I set my friends on fire yes good band
I'm gonna jump for it get him poor guys
one of you get on with the whole
shooting them I I've got a bow dude I'm
fight a bone minecraft and ages why is
that not hitting defend but they can
just not attack enemy miles Alex help oh
fuck sake lost my bow and arrow if they
weren't shooting down with the bells i
could easily before I don't hit do hit
do get mr. lava I hope y'all I hope
y'all just get to you in for love about
that's copy all one go oh I've done it
I've done it no yes yes okay again GG
yeah everyone just keep running and
attempting the jump puzzle and I nearest
you on to that animal keep doing ah um
no all right I'm talking for you're
getting rid of this steel sword wait no
black you need to tell other being
recorded oh alright sound basically
right now we're just gonna make him wait
a mo then when this episodes over we'll
sort problems will tell them what's
going wrong because this is unreal it's
all right now unless you have this kind
of fucked a dude war any attacking it's
going on now it's really the footage is
just me turning around something is
hitting me but you can't tell what well
if you upload that I made it see miles
now it's proof right there I think we
should own mention the idea of a
handicap possibly due to the fact this
first episode has just been bullshit
neisseria i won't i won't use it first
episode I don't be like what the fuck
you guys doing oh oh mouse is invisible
for me I would kill me also let's see
him he just runs straight past him will
pump out look I'll barrows yeah I guess
for sure the jumpers and I just whacked
him we should seriously have no
defending dude what is needed for flames
shit no you know fucker keep getting set
on fire what he's doing that somehow
they have fire lovers they seriously
have fire arrows like how do they have
fire arrows alright lettuce trucked it
oh wait no me not shoot me yeah they
literally are using fire arrows that's
why this smoke they literally have
enchanted fire our bows that is why
we're being set on fire not fucking
the jobs we have a lot of things to
settle I apologize to every single of my
viewers if I actually upload this this
is ridiculous we getting into our castle
Britain at jump good luck with that
surprise Akash to catch him oh I just
smashed a cash down a ravine Alex tell
me why we're going man I'm trust this is
your doing Alex I've lost you all right
guys we're back basically there's been
quite a few issues with server they're
saying they weren't invisible yet
clearly they were and the arrows which
was supposedly on fires just for lava we
have no idea what's going on we're going
to carry on with episode 2 if things go
too wrong then we'll restart the entire
thing until then please leave a rating
as me Ames was airborne one out
you